{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21400\viewh14580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
1. 
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Given a block of memory, how would one implement their own heap memory allocation API? \
2. Coin change dynamic programming problem \'a0\
3. Describe a time that you had to reevaluate something that didn't work.\
4. Flip a binary tree upside down. \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl392
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 5. Rectangle Area: Find the total area covered by two rectilinear rectangles in a 2D plane.\
\
6. There is a pixel map with 1&#039;s representing land and 0 representing water. Find the number of continents (not connected groups of 1&#039;s). \
\
7. Convert integers to roman numerals \
\
8. Write a function to return a list of files (recursively) given the root directory Node. How will you design a many to many relational database ? What are the considerations you have when creating a web service? How would you do load balancing?\
\
9. Reverse words of a string. \
\
10.  Reverse string except spaces. A string has mix of alphabets and spaces. Your task is to reverse the string, but preserve the positions of spaces. For example, reverse of " a if" is " f ia" 2. An array of size n has all but one numbers between 1 and n+1. Find the missing one. \'a0\
\
11. Given two rectangles, check if they intersect? \
\
12. implement strtok \'a0\
\
13. multiply 2 numbers without using * sign\
\
14.  find a first repeating string in a large text file\
\
15  Check if the given cordinates on a map correspond to the correct address (where address or cordinates are provided in a tab separated file)\
\
16. How would you sort large files\
\
17. . binary tree modification, make all parents' values be the sum of their direct children.\
\
18.  implement "atoi"\
\
19. the skylines problem \
\
20.  two lines on a 2d dimension, given their end points, check if they intersect (\
\
21. Design a function that takes in 2 strings representing numbers and adds them together as if they are numbers, and outputs the result as a string. You cannot assume the number is any containable size (i.e. the value represented could be larger than long long long long etc.). \
\
22. Encode/decode two strings into one string, and back to two \'a0\
\
23. Recently Used (LRU) Cache questions.\
\
24. Given an array of numbers how would you determine all the numbers that repeated more than once? \'a0\
\
25. The Nine Marble Question \
\
26. Find all the palindrome in a given string. \
\
27. finding the longest palindrome in a string. Now a O(n^2) one. Now a O(n log n) one. \'a0\
\
28.  Given a sorted matrix, find an element if it exists. \
\
29.  Given an array of a stock value for each day, give an algorithm to find the maximum profit possible between a buy-day and a\'85\'a0\
\
30. URL shortner- write a method which returns a 7 charchter string for every request. String should be unique on every request. \
\
31. Reverse a sentence. How are you -&gt; you are How \
\
32. Make a copy of a binary tree and describe a solution to transfer this tree from machine A to Machine B and unpack it at Machine B. No correct answer- open ended. \
\
33. Given a binary tree, with a next pointer. Connect every node's next pointer to its immediete neighbour of the same level (if there is one) or the leftmost node of next level . Using this a binary tree can be traversed like a linked list. (Hint: BFS) \'a0\
\
34. Efficient way of finding if two strings are anagrams \'a0\
\
35. Given a set of employee records, containing an id #, age, and immediate supervisor's id #, find all employees who have a supervisor in their hierarchy of k supervisors who is younger than them. \'a0\
\
36. Describe how you would count the words in this newspaper [pointed to a physical newspaper]? \'a0\
\
37. You have two arrays, one of length n of sorted elements, one of length m + n with the first m elements sorted and the last n empty. What's the best way to merge all elements into the m + n length array in sorted order? \
\
38. Was asked how many bits needed to represent 100,000 in binary\
\
39. Given an MxM array make it rotate in a certain way.\
\
40. Suppose you have a string which has characters that are either one or two bytes long. A one byte character has 0 as the left most bit. The first byte of a two byte character has 1 as the left most bit but the second byte's left most bit (LMB) could be either 1 or 0. Implement an algorithm for removing 1 character from the end of the string. How would you do it while scanning backwards from the end of the string. Followup: What if you needed to do this repeatedly? Is there some way you could reduce the time complexity to constant? \'a0\
\
41. Given pre-order traversal result and in-order traversal result of a tree, recovery the tree. \
\
42. Given N computers, how to connect them, how to check two computers are connected. \'a0}